but not only are you worried about
our shirts that we always have
thrown in the street suddenly what
we do with lasko read the occupy to
so we caught our fashion expert
Round sentence will help us and will make us
they also participate in the ballot cut
to transform the base output
but it's also worth it as he wants
cut me up to help because a little
long so look what we will do
you on your back has the camera
here is law that here we have sewing
of the sleeve here here its short on
straight line to have some bandages like that
until the clip is worth I'm here to
joseba his short and horizontally
to see and force me to explain
I will tell you raise your arms and cut off the
hair and what you do here here as
here
so
so it does not have to be mandatory
super super straight
model and we can see how the thing is that
it's fine today I have assistant I'm very
happy enters the second model over here
this is my dear today
efe
to cut them
we had stayed with the thing
next that was cut to horizontal
that is, following the edge seam
from below the light mulberry
that is to say quite
as horizontal
when we have this as you never have
I see you explain and explain everything
we do it is simply stretch so that
the bands get prettier such
a short brevity count to go out and take a
coffee on the beach is worth it when we have
this we will see what we are going to do
in front he knows that he always cut his neck
but today not ok
you are if I go from here where is
the headquarter well the stitching of the neck here
from this point I go to the seam of the
sleeve
that is to say the stitching of the neck and here
and if I remember well until sewing
of the armpit in a straight line
but that clearly fred is
doing with the shirt on but you
at home you can do it on the table with
the extended shirt and scratch the stripe for
that is not exposed but almost better than
do it directly
but again the point is that here
shoulder seam up to the neck
here in weight the peak 1 and until the
armpit seam here I simply
from here I'm going down
without cutting in bikini cations under the
agreements as it says armpit in French
a lady asked us from her house
Yes Yes Yes
I will not cut you following the seam
By the neck
and then what we do simply
look, we remove this
take off your clothes slowly so you had to
finish the last point
look delighted
to
we stretch a little as always girl
here and see that suddenly the shirt
also it stays like a little longer
turn around to dance
it's a bit cold for this and other
magical I sent it because it suffered in the
beach at night